Dart 3.8 language evolution (#6589)
dart-lang/site-www: src/content/resources/language/evolution.md

## Changes in each release

> ### Dart 3.8

Reviewer: Consider also mentioning the [formatting changes](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#:~:text=made%20a%20number%20of%20fixes%20in%20response%20to%20that) that are [language versioned](https://dart.dev/resources/language/evolution#language-versioning) for 3.8.

https://github.com/dart-lang/site-www/pull/6605 also mentions them.

Author: Added this and also updated the formatting of this section. Take a close look.

_Released 20 May 2025_
| [Dart 3.8 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/...)

The following language features have been added to Dart 3.8:

> *   [Null-aware elements][]: A null-aware element evaluates
>     an expression and if the result is not null, inserts the
>     value into the surrounding collection.

Reviewer: Thanks for adding this and cross-linking to your fantastic docs about it!

Consider clarifying earlier in the sentence that this is discussing a collection element, so readers can contextualize it.

```suggestion
*   [Null-aware elements][]: A null-aware collection element evaluates
    an expression in a collection literal and if the result is not `null`,
    inserts the value into the resulting collection.
```

> *   [Doc imports][]: Dart now supports a

Reviewer: Same as my comment about cross-compilation, I recommend removing this. It's not a change to the Dart language, but rather a new tooling feature in the SDK.

Author: Removed these.

    `@docImport` documentation tag, which enables external
    elements to be referenced in documentation comments
    without actually importing them.

The following support features have been added to
Dart 3.8:

> *   [New cross-compilation command flags][]:

Reviewer: Generally this page only discusses changes to the Dart language, such as new language features, new compilation errors, changes to the type system, etc. It's meant as more of a historical document, as well as slightly reference for what changes when switching between specific [language versions](https://dart.dev/resources/language/evolution#language-versioning).

The rare/only exceptions currently on the page are for tooling changes that are also gated behind [language version](https://dart.dev/resources/language/evolution#language-versioning), such as the `dart format` changes in 3.7 and 3.8.

I'd recommend dropping this mention to keep the focused state of the page and prevent it from becoming an incomplete changelog of the SDK. If you want a more complete changelog to also be on the site rather than the current one hosted in the SDK repo, we can/should explore that separately.

Author: Sounds good and done. Okay, I see now that this isn't a release notes page. There appears to be a change log that acts as our release notes, but I don't see a way to get to if from our Dart docs TOC. Sometime very soon, we should either add a link to that change log into our TOC or maybe port the sorting code that @ericwindmill created for the this page: https://docs.flutter.dev/reference/learning-resources

If we decide to pursue Eric's sorting style, it would give developers a nice way to quickly sort language features, SDK updates, tool changes etc. That's a talk for another day though.

The following language features have been added to Dart 3.8:

*   [Null-aware elements][]: A null-aware element evaluates
    an expression in a collection literal and if the result
    is not `null`, inserts the value into the surrounding
    collection.

The following supporting features have been updated:

> *   [Dart format][]: Dart 3.8's formatter builds on the

Reviewer: Nice summary, thanks!

    previous release's rewrite, incorporating feedback,
    bug fixes, and further enhancements. It now
    intelligently automates trailing comma placement,
    deciding whether to split constructs rather than forcing
    them. The update also includes style changes to tighten
    and improve code output.
    
For more information about these and additional changes, see
the [Dart 3.8 changelog][].

[Null-aware elements]: /language/collections#null-aware-element
[Dart format]: {{site.repo.dart.sdk}}/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#dart-format

> [Dart 3.8 changelog]: {{site.repo.dart.sdk}}/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#dart-format

Reviewer: These links will likely be incorrect once a new `Dart format` header is added to the doc, replacing the target of the `dart-format` fragment.

Consider just dropping the link or using a link to the specific text.

Author: Fixed!
